From ameulen at unet.nl  Sat Apr  9 16:10:57 2005
From: ameulen at unet.nl (Ed van der Meulen)
Date: Sat, 09 Apr 2005 16:10:57 +0200
Subject: [Nnw-era] NNW and the New ERA
Message-ID: <5.1.0.14.2.20050409155141.015a1858@pop.unet.nl>

Hello

An email about the results of the NEW ERA that is arising out of our views 
on reality. They are coming from old and famous scientists. Like The 
enormous critical Henri Jules Poincar?. From hinm we use an idea he 
computed in 1899 by hand. The earth didn't come back at the original place 
in the orbit.

And we can only thing of the tides of Ebb and flood. There we see already 
energy dissipation (loss). And we have now a paper on the NNW sites as well 
about his idea. And he was very right.

With layers we can recompute Poincar? findings and only with high school 
mathematics. So that wasn't difficult for me.

Google for - layers everywhere and you are meeting our sites.

We also are using here Factual thinking. That is the way of thinking you 
always apply like an adventure trip. Meeting things. Hi, are you there?

We also use the forgotten ideas of the early Santa Fe group from 1967. 
Again the establishment didn't like their ideas, however they were famous 
then. They also talked about layers and now also about physical emergence. 
The connection between the layers. That is with local real loss and local 
real gain. While the preservation rules can be right as well.

And we have worked that out.

For the ERA I have put the L+F relation on the site. For better human 
relationships in the ERA. I have also put the J ?ccuse stage play as a 
first draft on the berlios site. It wil be remebered as a very impressing 
stage play and a moral trial. That is for stage players who want to spread 
our views. So we also can be surprised by others.

In the mean time I also send charm emails to many addresses in this 
country. And when I have time I send debate postings to the big 
universities in the US with many scientific findings and also ERA news

So for many people we are too new.

But do you mind that?

Please have a peaceful day,

ed



